Meeting 5 Week 6 (18/3/2019)
Chair: Paul Stepanov
Secretary: Pablo Rodrigo Valero


Everyone present except Kamron


Sprint Reflection:

Jahson & Kamron - Focused on reducing checkstyle:
reduced to around 5
Vlad- Working on profile:
Mainly done
Pablo & Paul- Developer wants to add any features + following functionalities
Mainly done
Julius- client-server communication
Done ready to demo 2

Tips from TA:
Rename folders!!!!
Good work GUI!

What needs to be done for next week?:
Jahson --> Two event pages( event searches + event page)
Vlad --> follow button + search users + beautify menus + integrate graph
Kamron --> make ring dynamic + adding other two rings + adding all activities and improvement ( as category look right now) + achievement images
Julius --> Testing + commmunication for event + beautify organisational stuff
pablo + paul --> following functionalities + testing + connecting graph to database + scoring roaster + adapt ring milestone